Last but not least we have position fixed which in a lot of cases we use for navigation buttons or maybe
for navigation.
Again it's not exclusive but that's probably where we're going to see the most.
And for us we're gonna head over back to indexation email then I'm going to add I don't know some more
paragraph with massive amount of text just because we would need to scroll.
So let's say paragraph and I don't know 500 words is gonna be here massive paragraph and then at the
very bottom just to show you that this is actually working we're gonna create a button now the button
is gonna be very simple again whatever button type is gonna be button or the type.
And here we can just say Now button again this is not gonna be really nav button but it's just gonna
do the job and want to save it.
There's going to be my nav button and this is you know what.
This is not actually big enough.
There's I'm not I cannot do any kind of scrolling here.
So let's do one more thing let's write another paragraph in this case.
Let's try and maybe for 5000 words long low RAM and for some reason I cannot write.
So we're going to test it for five thousand words I'm going to save it now what happens.
Well nothing happens really.
Because again let on.
So now I refreshed and now it's working.
So I have long long long text here.
Hopefully you can see that I'm doing a lot of scrolling and all the way in the bottom.
I have this for now button all the way in the bottom.
OK.
Now what I would like to is to show you how the position fixed is going to work.
So I'm going to head over again and I don't really need this text meaning I can head over back to styles
and only to screw up in the email and I would like to first or change the comment this is gonna be position
fixed and now let's work with our button.
So here let's say all the way on top we're gonna have a button and one do we can we'll have background.
I don't know it's gonna be red.
So sure enough can we read the font is gonna be bigger just so we can see what's happening.
So 40 pixels and maybe let's add the colouring of white not counter reset.
I don't want that color.
Why people.
This is what we want.
So this is what we are now.
But now we can click this obviously all the long and the thing is gonna happen because we haven't hooked
up the javascript but for this we just need position fix and what I would like to do is set it up here
all the way and on top.
And as I'm scrolling it should be saying.
And for this we have position and we have position fixed now the way that position fixed is gonna work
is this is gonna be set relative but in this case this would be set relative to the actual document.
So in the beginning notice it totally disappeared.
So we have position fixed but we cannot find our button.
And as you scrolling down it's not there as you scrolling up.
It's also not there and nor again to see it.
We would need to set it relative.
Now in this case we're saying relative this document and as we're going to be scrolling it's gonna be
sitting here fixed.
That's the reason why it has name position in fact.
So let's say here 0 0 first let's say right.
Is it also gonna be 0.
And what we have now I have my nav button so as I'm scrolling up and down then this is going to be sitting.
And again we can see the map.
Now I'm not going to show you the other properties with values that we had top right left bottom.
I mean you can Explorer on your own but in general terms this is how they position fixed work where
if you set something with position fixed it's going to be relative right now to the document.
So all the document and we're working on but as you're scrolling it's gonna stay in that position.